README.md, before:

# crm
Basic CRM system

This is a basic CRM system that can be used by individuals or small businesses to manage customers and propects. 
Features include:

- Easy to browse / search company and contact database
- Ability to efficiently add summary of calls / emails
- Easy tracking of all calls / emails with company contacts
- Salesperson reporting function
- Administrative features such as user and data backup management

A future feature I had been working on that I did not release was the ability to generate quotes and invoices within the CRM and 
export the details as PDF and the PDF could then be emailed to customers / prospects. 

This basic CRM was developed four or five years ago back in 2011 / 2012. 

I developed this application in my early coding days which at the time successfully accomplished the task at hand.
Software development is a constant learning experince and I must inform you that no updates have been made to 
this application in a few years because I now build applications using frameworks such as CakePHP. 

I may revisit and rebuild this application from the ground up in the future. 

A demo of this application in it's current state can be found here: http://footfall.heylinhosting.com/crm/

Commit message:

Update to README
minor corrections to README file

README.md, after:

# crm
Basic CRM system

This is a basic CRM system that can be used by individuals or small businesses to manage customers and propects. 
Features include:

- Easy to browse / search company and contact database
- Ability to efficiently add summary of calls / emails
- Easy tracking of all calls / emails with company contacts
- Salesperson reporting function
- Administrative features such as user and data backup management

A future feature I had been working on that I did not release was the ability to generate quotes and invoices within the CRM and 
export the details as PDF and the PDF could then be emailed to customers / prospects. 

This basic CRM was developed four or five years ago back in 2011 / 2012. 

I developed this application in my early coding days which at the time successfully accomplished the task at hand.
Software development is a constant learning experience and I must inform you that no updates have been made to 
this application in a few years because I now build applications using frameworks such as CakePHP. 

I may revisit and rebuild/update this application from the in the future. In the meantime, I have released the existing code in case anyone is looking for a basic CRM system for a small team or organisation. 

A demo of this application in it's current state can be found here: http://footfall.heylinhosting.com/crm/
